DOCSP-45360: nested attributes (#71)
mongodb/docs-mongoid: source/data-modeling/nested-attributes.txt

models to enable data operations on documents and their associations.
After you define a nested attribute, you can specify updates to
top-level and associated documents in a single parameter hash. This might be
useful if your application requires editing multiple documents within a single
form.

Behavior
--------

You can enable nested attributes for any association, embedded or
referenced. To add a nested attribute for an association, provide the
association name to the ``accepts_nested_attributes_for`` macro when
defining a model class.

The following code defines embedded associations on the ``Band`` model
class and includes the ``accepts_nested_attributes_for`` macro:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/data-modeling/nested_attr.rb
   :start-after: start-simple-nested
   :end-before: end-simple-nested
   :language: ruby
   :emphasize-lines: 5
   :dedent:

.. note:: Autosave Enabled

   When you add nested attribute functionality to a referenced
   association, {+odm+} automatically enables autosave for that
   association.

When you enable nested attributes behavior on an association, {+odm+}
adds a special method to the base model. You can use this method to

> update the attributes by using this added functionality.

Reviewer: S: I think you can delete "by using this added functionality"; it seems repetitive after "You can use this method"

```suggestion
update the attributes.
```

  name>_attributes`` in the value to update the associations.
- Use the ``update_attributes`` setter method and specify the attribute
  names in the value to update the associations.
- Use the ``update()`` method and specify ``<association
  name>_attributes`` in the value to update the associations.
- Use the ``create()`` method and specify ``<association
  name>_attributes`` in the value to create the associations.

The following example demonstrates how to create a ``Band`` instance
with associated ``album`` records in a single statement:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/data-modeling/nested_attr.rb
   :start-after: start-create-attr
   :end-before: end-create-attr
   :language: ruby
   :emphasize-lines: 3-5
   :dedent:

Creating Nested Documents
-------------------------

You can create new nested documents by using the nested attributes
feature. When creating a document, omit the ``_id`` field. The following
code uses the ``update()`` method to create a nested ``album`` document
on an existing ``Band`` instance:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/data-modeling/nested_attr.rb
   :start-after: start-update-create
   :end-before: end-update-create
   :language: ruby
   :dedent:

> This action appends the new document to the existing set, without changing

Reviewer: S:
```suggestion
This action appends the new document to the existing set without changing
```

any existing nested documents.

Updating Nested Documents
-------------------------

You can update existing nested documents by using the nested attributes

> feature. To update a nested document, pass the ``_id`` value for the
> document to direct {+odm+} to use attributes to update it. The following

Reviewer: S: this seems a little clearer to me

```suggestion
feature. To instruct {+odm+} to update a nested document by using attributes, pass the document's ``_id`` value to the ``update()`` method. The following
```

example uses the ``_id`` value of an ``albums`` entry to update the
``year`` field:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/data-modeling/nested_attr.rb
   :start-after: start-update-id
   :end-before: end-update-id
   :language: ruby
   :dedent:

> .. note:: No Matching Document

Reviewer: S: since this describes an error, you could use an important admonition
```suggestion
.. important:: No Matching Document
```

Reviewer: Also applies to the other "No Matching Document" admonition

code:

.. code-block:: ruby
   :emphasize-lines: 3

   class Band
      # ...
      accepts_nested_attributes_for :albums, allow_destroy: true
   end

The following code uses the ``_destroy`` attribute to delete the first
``albums`` entry of a ``Band`` instance:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/data-modeling/nested_attr.rb
   :start-after: start-delete-id
   :end-before: end-delete-id
   :language: ruby
   :emphasize-lines: 6
   :dedent:

.. note:: No Matching Document

   If {+odm+} does not match a document that has the specified ``_id``
   value, it raises a ``Mongoid::Errors::DocumentNotFound`` exception.

Combine Operations on Nested Documents
--------------------------------------

You can perform multiple data operations on nested documents by using
the nested attributes feature.

The following code creates a nested document, updates an existing
document, and deletes a document in the ``albums`` array of a ``Band``
instance:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/data-modeling/nested_attr.rb
   :start-after: start-multiple-ops
   :end-before: end-multiple-ops
   :language: ruby
   :dedent:

Additional Information
----------------------

> To learn more about querying, see :ref:`mongoid-data-specify-query`.

Reviewer: S:
```suggestion
To learn more about querying, see the :ref:`mongoid-data-specify-query` guide.
```
